Images Restored (#350)
la-ots/pelican: docs/form-controls/radio-tiles.md

---
title: Radio Tiles

> summary: Radio tiles present users with a significant choice amog multiple options.

Reviewer: Simplifying the sentence:
```suggestion
summary: Radio tiles allow users to select one significant choice from a set of options.
```
